README.md, before:

btc-e.com-chat-expander
=======================

<a href="#changelog">Goto Changelog</a>

### tested @ firefox & chrome


Firefox: u need the firefox addon "Greasemonkey" installed (<a href="https://www.google.ch/#q=greasemonkey">google search greasemonkey</a>)

Chrome: u need the chrome addon "Tampermonkey" installed (<a href="https://www.google.ch/#q=tampermonkey">google search tampermonkey</a>)

after greasemonkey / tampermonkey is installed, install the chatbox extender via:
<a href="https://github.com/sebka/btc-e.com-chat-expander/raw/master/chat_expander.user.js">install btc-e chatbox extender</a>

Chrome will ask 4 install into Tampermonkey (OK), or native in Chrome - press OK, 4 install in tampermonkey - otherwise the addon will not work.

### examples

Normal:
![Normal](https://github.com/sebka/btc-e.com-chat-expander/raw/master/normal.png "Normal")

Shrinked:
![Shrinked](https://github.com/sebka/btc-e.com-chat-expander/raw/master/shrinked.png "Shrinked")

Expanded:
![Expanded](https://github.com/sebka/btc-e.com-chat-expander/raw/master/expanded.png "Expanded")

[![githalytics.com alpha](https://cruel-carlota.pagodabox.com/55740e22ef2b6050de6a7ab559bee9f7 "githalytics.com")](http://githalytics.com/sebka/btc-e.com-chat-expander)

--------------

## Changelog
### 1.090:
- complete new written code
- saves the chat position now
- able to block/unblock users
- able to set color for texts of users

## known issues
- expanded not able to use user options correct

## todolist:
- make resizable when enlarged
- option for opacity when enlarged
- option for smiley replacement (right now btc-e doesnt show the images)

## Donate if u like
* Bitcoin: 18T2ayBngGrnadkpYeiAdBtze5jtTFAg52
* Litecoin: LYvdwPSXG74NUnXFyH4tej4Xmy9jvrY9HS

Commit message:

addes archive search
thx to http://trollboxarchive.com

README.md, after:

btc-e.com-chat-expander
=======================

<a href="#changelog">Goto Changelog</a>

### tested @ firefox & chrome


Firefox: u need the firefox addon "Greasemonkey" installed (<a href="https://www.google.ch/#q=greasemonkey">google search greasemonkey</a>)

Chrome: u need the chrome addon "Tampermonkey" installed (<a href="https://www.google.ch/#q=tampermonkey">google search tampermonkey</a>)

after greasemonkey / tampermonkey is installed, install the chatbox extender via:
<a href="https://github.com/sebka/btc-e.com-chat-expander/raw/master/chat_expander.user.js">install btc-e chatbox extender</a>

Chrome will ask 4 install into Tampermonkey (OK), or native in Chrome - press OK, 4 install in tampermonkey - otherwise the addon will not work.

### examples

Normal:
![Normal](https://github.com/sebka/btc-e.com-chat-expander/raw/master/normal.png "Normal")

Shrinked:
![Shrinked](https://github.com/sebka/btc-e.com-chat-expander/raw/master/shrinked.png "Shrinked")

Expanded:
![Expanded](https://github.com/sebka/btc-e.com-chat-expander/raw/master/expanded.png "Expanded")

[![githalytics.com alpha](https://cruel-carlota.pagodabox.com/55740e22ef2b6050de6a7ab559bee9f7 "githalytics.com")](http://githalytics.com/sebka/btc-e.com-chat-expander)

--------------

## Changelog
### 1.091:
- added "Search in Archive" Button - to search userchats

### 1.090:
- complete new written code
- saves the chat position now
- able to block/unblock users
- able to set color for texts of users

## known issues
- expanded not able to use user options correct

## todolist:
- make resizable when enlarged
- option for opacity when enlarged
- option for smiley replacement (right now btc-e doesnt show the images)

## Donate if u like
* Bitcoin: 18T2ayBngGrnadkpYeiAdBtze5jtTFAg52
* Litecoin: LYvdwPSXG74NUnXFyH4tej4Xmy9jvrY9HS
